bloody beautiful Ripper I've just pulled
over on the side of the road because I
want to see how deep that puddle this oh
yeah we'll get to them in a second but I
thought I'd show off the crew two's well
these are actually the Metzler kuru to
tease and I'm guessing the T stands for
traveller or at least I think it does I
think I read it on their website not
sure hello
just doing a vlog it's okay
but
but see you later yeah but the these
I've put these Metzler karu twos on and
they're like a semi they like a jewel
sport tire they are part of the dual
sport category of tire but they're just
more knobby that's no good they're just
a bit more knobby so they do really well
they've proven themselves in the dirt
they're absolutely brilliant maybe they
do clogged up with mud fairly quickly
but yeah no not too bad not too bad on a
hole it's just when I first got them
they like I felt weird on the road
especially during cornering and yeah I
don't know I just had this bit like I
had a bit of a problem just with a bit
of a wobble going through corners but I
think that's more my skill and something
I've got to work on because I've noticed
now that um while we've got a bit of dry
weather I'm getting a lot more confident
and I'm able to sort of lean it over and
put the throttle into it and it seems to
go around a lot more stable so yeah
that's that's good good news all I
have to do is improve the skill level
yeah but they're wearing fairly quickly
like I think I've only put two thousand
two twenty maybe hey am i local sort of
oh no ID okay
and to be honest I think I've only put
two thousand five hundred Ches maybe on
these tires front is holding up really
well as I expect this shoot at the back
already hard tread so to give you some
perspective iron millet Metzler two
rinses the exp and they lasted for
60,000 case and the front was still good
but the back was very very worn
I'll be very bit of a
yeah so poor for these tires slow down
we know it's pretty horrific in this
helmet I had Metzler turrets exps 16000
KS by the end by the end of their run
front was half worn and the rear was
completely like it was beyond
there was not roadworthy at all
that's they've got 16,000 pays and they
was still going strong and the front had
a nail in it and it was still holding it
I mean you can't really beat that can
you it's so far about 2500 3000 KS maybe
Beck's half worn so I'll sort of
expecting that with a semi or you know a
knobby tires not just because using them
I'm using them predominantly on the road
constantly losing traction at the rear
so yeah I just wanted to know like
are there any Jews sport people out
there that have tried different tires
different combinations I don't want to
know
only get it Niall down to the T because
well thinking of doing was just buying a
set of road tires
I think a set of 80 twenties which are
80 percent road 20 percent off road and
then buying a set of mobis from when I
go real push like when I go full-on
camping
at the bush and I want to do
want to do like tracks and even just
like open grass Plains and like
that
just stop where you need a lot of
traction just keep a set like it and
then just change them as change them as
as I see fit
that's the beauty about having a juice
wondering what all my lights are that's
a fuel light
that's my abs abs is broken on this bike
and I can't clean the senses I can't fix
it you know let me know let me know what
what tires what toys you guys have used
and
yeah what works best for you you kind of
wrote eye and a tooth left side or and
the knobby tire like let how you set it
up or do you just like slap on a set of
what I've got now and just run with it
all the time just deal with the extra
cost
back in sciples my
you